DOCS-3003: Add prerequisite of physically assembling hardware to components and services (#3540)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/arm/ur5e.md

component_description: "Supports Universal Robots UR5e."
---

Configure a `ur5e` arm to add a [Universal Robots UR5e](https://www.universal-robots.com/products/ur5-robot) to your machine.

> Connect your arm to your machine and turn it on if you want to test your arm as you configure it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to test your arm as you configure it, connect it to your machine's computer and turn it on.
```

component_description: "Supports Universal Robots UR5e."
---

Configure a `ur5e` arm to add a [Universal Robots UR5e](https://www.universal-robots.com/products/ur5-robot) to your machine.

> Connect your arm to your machine and turn it on if you want to test your arm as you configure it.

Author: ```suggestion

Connect your arm to your machine and turn it on if you want to test your arm as you configure it.
```

> Make sure to first physically assemble the UR5e, connect it to your machine's computer, and turn it on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure to first connect the arm to your machine's computer and turn it on.
```
